1. What compilers has this source been tested on?

NewsCoaster has been compiled with StormC v3.0 and GCC. A StormC 3 project file
and GCC makefile are included in the archive.

SAS/C compiler is unable to compile NewsCoaster because it is very old and does
not support many features of standard C++. I tried only version 6.59 and did
not try experimental version 7.01.

When using a Storm C to compile the newscoaster.cd (catalog description) file
please use a supplied version of catcomp.srx instead of standard one. I've
modified it slightly to change file name of generated .h (header) file and to
remove many not needed sections (code, array, etc) from it.

To be able to succesfully compile NewsCoaster with GCC, you'll need to upgrade
your system in the following way:
a) Update your GeekDadgets includes. New versions can be found in gg-include
   directory of this distribution.
b) Install includes from AmiTCP or Miami. All includes MUST NOT be installed
   because they will conflict. You need to take only proto, clib and inline
   directories and copy them to gg:os-include directory. All other networking
   stuff is already present in GeekGadgets includes. Note that depending on
   your GCC version you may need to regenerate inlines with fd2pragma tool
   (GCC v3 doesn't like old-style inlines).
c) Take libmuimaster.a from lib directory and place it into your
   gg:m68k-amigaos/lib directory.
NewsCoaster was succesfully compiled with GCC v2.95.3 and v3.3.3.

Also this source code can be compiled under MorphOS. Unfortunately NC contains
some hidden bugs, which do not discover themselves under AmigaOS but make it
crashing under MorphOS. So MorphOS version is still not released. Sallin
Nicolas <henes@users.sourceforge.net> is working on it.

2. I've found a bug / written in a new feature; how can I help?

If you send me to someone of us the changed source files (or portions that have
been changed) we can integrate them into the official release. But there is
much better way: you can use our CVS repository at
http://sourceforge.net/projects/newscoaster. Just register yourself on
SourceForge and send a E-Mail to Mark asking to make you a member of the
project. You are welcome!

3. I want to port/optimise NewsCoaster for MorphOS/Amithlon/whatever.

Please do. You are welcome to our CVS repository.

Newscoaster development team.